The next section are going to be making is going to be portfolio section here so you can see what's
happening right as I'm hovering over the image.
You can see in the background gets darker than on here we have this overlay with the job name.
It's going to be careful location and we're here this is going to be our phantasm like art right which
could serve as a link right.
And you can see that it will I have this effect here.
So again let's go back to you now.
First thing we're going to say is this is going to be portfolio port when we go on here.
Let's just grab the line copy and paste this and I'm going to say and of portfolio.
Then told that within the portfolio we're actually again have a title.
All right so we can just go again and serve and find where is the actual time no.
Oh that's right.
So if we select this this and then are going to copy this.
And if we go down.
Right.
So where is the portfolio.
The first thing that we're going to say and this is going to be section with an ID port folio.
They don't have a press tab and then copy and paste this right in or here instead of services this is
going to be portfolio support for you.
Then after that we would want the actual article right.
The actual items.
So we're going to go here and again we're going to say like this when you say this is going to be a
div with a glass of port folio or here Center press tab.
Right now we have to.
We're here we're going to have an article here and here we're going to have a class of work press time.
But now we have an article with a class of work.
And again we can maybe write a way over here at a comment.
All right and this is going to be a single one here work item single work and I'm just so we don't get
lost.
And again if we select this line I don't have a copy this one and copy and paste it.
Right now we have single work item and on it's place and and and then within an article what we would
want.
So first of all I'd want an image right here and say this is going to be image and then our here going
to say source and or hear from the source we're going to say images product one.
So let's go here to images here and we're going to save product one.
So that's going to be my name for my image or here just for the image you're going to get with a class
of image or hair box.
Let's close over here and I can see this is what we have.
Right.
So now we have the image here underneath the image we're going to have a div here with the class and
we're going to say image text on here like this and this is going to be the name of the day.
And over here we would need to have two things right.
Well first of all we actually messed up over here a little bit.
We have to have a div with the class of image or lay.
This is going to be the image.
Well they might because what's going to happen is that there's Dave with a glass of image next Actually
it's going to be one side and the link is going to be the other side.
Right.
So because we want them side by side.
So Dave class of image next door here this is going to be handing three and this is going to be over
here we're going to say this is going to be job name right here press tab.
Now we have the heading three and over here we're going to write.
This is going to be paragraph.
You know we're here we're going to say this is going to be a California here and we're going to say
USA USA or here.
Press time and now we have the paragraph.
Then after that.
Right next to the image next we're actually going to have a image icon.
So what are you saying we're here.
This is going to be a live image here.
I can press time on here and with this I got actually going to place a link some of them say hey press
over here and make me tag right.
And then over here I'm going to say this is going to be high for far here and this is going to be our
All right write or hear press tab now I can see that now we have a right.
And now we're actually done with one article with single work.
So our next line of business is going to be actually copying them and pasting them and making six of
them.
So again I can go back over here and select the whole thing and maybe Let's start over here with these
comments.
So we're going to we're going to go like this.
So the whole thing we're going to copy it and we actually need to copy and paste it six times.
This is going to be one two three four five and we're here one by one.
The only thing we need to change over here.
This is going to be a product to then after that we're going to have well you know what.
No this is the wrong place.
So if we have the first one on here this is going to be the second one.
Then after that we're going to have a number three over here.
Then I have to go we're going to have number four.
This is going to be number five and this one is going to be number six.
So we added six items over here.
And what I would want to do is say it over here right now and go to see assess and start styling this.